Add French and Japanese translations (#725)
CrowdStrike/glide-core: .changeset/curvy-walls-attack.md

---
'@crowdstrike/glide-core': patch
---

> Accessibility strings are now fully translated for French and Japanese.

Author: ```suggestion
Screen reader strings are now fully translated for French and Japanese.
```

? I'm not sure.  I initially had `Internal strings`, but that's not very descriptive, and our strings are mostly for screen readers / accessibility. Open to suggestions.

Reviewer: As a reader, I guess I'd wonder what a screenreader string is.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion. Might just have to write more:

```suggestion
Most text is provided by consumers via attributes. But many components have built-in text to help screenreaders. That text has been fully localized for French and Japanese.
```

Author: ✅ works for me - applied!
